<<<<<<< Updated upstream
eitc/pucmm/servicios/EnlaceService.java
 eitc.pucmm.servicios.EnlaceService
||||||| constructed merge base
eitc/pucmm/entidades/Cliente.java
 eitc.pucmm.entidades.Cliente
eitc/pucmm/servicios/GestionDb.java
 eitc.pucmm.servicios.GestionDb
eitc/pucmm/servicios/ClienteService.java
 eitc.pucmm.servicios.ClienteService
eitc/pucmm/servicios/BootStrapServices.java
 eitc.pucmm.servicios.BootStrapServices
eitc/pucmm/servicios/EnlaceService.java
 eitc.pucmm.servicios.EnlaceService
=======
eitc/pucmm/controladores/ApiControlador.java
 eitc.pucmm.controladores.ApiControlador
eitc/pucmm/soapServices/SoapWebService.java
 eitc.pucmm.soapServices.SoapWebService
eitc/pucmm/Main.java
 eitc.pucmm.Main
eitc/pucmm/servicios/ClienteService.java
 eitc.pucmm.servicios.ClienteService
eitc/pucmm/servicios/UsuarioService.java
 eitc.pucmm.servicios.UsuarioService
eitc/pucmm/entidades/Cliente.java
 eitc.pucmm.entidades.Cliente
eitc/pucmm/servicios/GestionDb.java
 eitc.pucmm.servicios.GestionDb
eitc/pucmm/servicios/BootStrapServices.java
 eitc.pucmm.servicios.BootStrapServices
eitc/pucmm/entidades/Enlace.java
 eitc.pucmm.entidades.Enlace
>>>>>>> Stashed changes
eitc/pucmm/entidades/Usuario.java
 eitc.pucmm.entidades.Usuario
 eitc.pucmm.entidades.Usuario$RoleasAPP
<<<<<<< Updated upstream
eitc/pucmm/servicios/ClienteService.java
 eitc.pucmm.servicios.ClienteService
eitc/pucmm/servicios/UsuarioService.java
 eitc.pucmm.servicios.UsuarioService
eitc/pucmm/entidades/Cliente.java
 eitc.pucmm.entidades.Cliente
eitc/pucmm/servicios/GestionDb.java
 eitc.pucmm.servicios.GestionDb
eitc/pucmm/servicios/BootStrapServices.java
 eitc.pucmm.servicios.BootStrapServices
eitc/pucmm/entidades/Enlace.java
 eitc.pucmm.entidades.Enlace
eitc/pucmm/controladores/ApiControlador.java
 eitc.pucmm.controladores.ApiControlador
eitc/pucmm/Main.java
 eitc.pucmm.Main
||||||| constructed merge base
eitc/pucmm/servicios/UsuarioService.java
 eitc.pucmm.servicios.UsuarioService
eitc/pucmm/entidades/Enlace.java
 eitc.pucmm.entidades.Enlace
eitc/pucmm/controladores/ApiControlador.java
 eitc.pucmm.controladores.ApiControlador
eitc/pucmm/Main.java
 eitc.pucmm.Main
=======
eitc/pucmm/controladores/SoapControladora.java
 eitc.pucmm.controladores.SoapControladora
eitc/pucmm/servicios/EnlaceService.java
 eitc.pucmm.servicios.EnlaceService
>>>>>>> Stashed changes
